she no 22
we're out most grow up my niggas
roll them back easy
back 22 you see that shit
once again Matt's moaning tubes right
Kenwood 99 80 got down HD at Colossians
you know on side doing the big doing a
bit when the heater seats on deck got
now remote-controlled object to it you
know I'm saying made that bad boy do
some tricks you know once I got down
touch springing fully capable no outside
you already see Thank You Dunamis what
make you do numbers GPS navigation on
that you know I'm saying no on time I
agree to the terms no I said just view
them out you know I'm saying now on tell
my you know I sent locating satellites
cuz you know I'm saying have gone a
little minute no I'm saying oh it's how
much shoulders but yeah owned it I'm
talking like a gangster said sound like
a country digging shit is what it is you
know Sam Pandora radio I got that I got
that you know telephone Bluetooth HD
radio you know all constitutes on him
and doing all cars no but you know I
that future you know I sent it east of
ink cause it knows I'm here
play it smart
don't show your plates man niggas don't
even know you love ass niggas don't need
to know that shit
20% tax you know what it is explosion
blows on them twos HIDs on debt man
12,000 case coming soon my nigga I got
the gun out 8,000 casing that bitch type
of white right now yeah you see me
you've seen you out here you see me man
you see that tire size once again to 35
30 zr 22 hold that morning new but it
better take that picture